SLCORE-968 add client method to check if branches match (#1118)
SonarSource/sonarlint-core: API_CHANGES.md

# 10.7.1

## Breaking changes

> * Add a method to `org.sonarsource.sonarlint.core.rpc.protocol.SonarLintRpcClient` to allow the backend to check whether locally checked out branch matches a requesting server branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new method `org.sonarsource.sonarlint.core.rpc.protocol.SonarLintRpcClient#matchProjectBranch` allowing the backend to check whether the locally checked-out branch matches a requesting server branch
```
